Pine nuts pine nuts
I found the information you want for you.
The husbands of the five families are all from other places
The bandit is great
The commander really wants to make it clear
What's the reason for the army to pass through?
Just a gang of bandits for revenge
It's just a good show
Song Xuan
You don't talk nonsense without evidence
Don't think that just reasoning a few words is the truth
Don't see what you are
Marshal
I never say anything without certainty
Real estate manager, give me a pair of soldiers
Listen to my arrangement
Sure you can.
The truth comes out
Put the knife down
How could you guess that I was coming here?
Although I don't know why you hate them so much
But it can be seen from the way you commit the murder
You hate them.
It's always a scourge you keep them
So you're going to kill them.
Am I right?
Let your boy shit guess right
Is it so hard to admit someone's strength?
take
It is worthy of being a five-seat patrol for the detective
No wonder the big boss praised you so much when he went back
The boss said he admired your courage
Even if he loses this fight
Hope you come to Japan for a long time
No, commit suicide
It's not the kids, it's the families.